d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.exe.config
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.exe
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.pdb
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.Form1.resources
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.exe
d:\users\des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.pdb
D:\Users\Des1re\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.MainForm.resources
